README.md, before:

# Create Stencil

> Note that you will need to use npm 6 or higher.

Run:

```
npm i -g npm
```

To install latest version of `npm`

## Usage


### Interactive mode

```
npm init stencil
```

### Command mode

```
npm init stencil <starter> <projectName>
```

Example:

```
npm init stencil app my-stencil-app
```

## Built-in starters

- [app](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-app-starter)
- [components](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-component-starter)
- [ionic-pwa](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-pwa-toolkit)

## Developing locally

If you want to add features, clone this repo, open terminal:

#### Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Then, compile and run the starter:

```bash
npm run dev
```

And it will help you test out your changes.


## Citations

Created by William M. Riley:
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/splitinfinities)
* [Github](https://github.com/splitinfinities)


## Related

* [Stencil Documentation](https://stenciljs.com/)
* [Stencil Worldwide Slack](https://stencil-worldwide.slack.com)
* [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com/)
* [Ionic Worldwide Slack](http://ionicworldwide.herokuapp.com/)
* [Ionicons](http://ionicons.com/)


## License
* MIT

Commit message:

fix: make init work when not behind a proxy (#34)

README.md, after:

# Create Stencil

> Note that you will need to use npm 6 or higher.

Run:

```
npm i -g npm
```

To install latest version of `npm`

## Usage


### Interactive mode

```
npm init stencil
```

### Command mode

```
npm init stencil <starter> <projectName>
```

Example:

```
npm init stencil app my-stencil-app
```

### Using a proxy

If you are behind a proxy, configure `https_proxy` environment variable.

## Built-in starters

- [app](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-app-starter)
- [components](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-component-starter)
- [ionic-pwa](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-pwa-toolkit)

## Developing locally

If you want to add features, clone this repo, open terminal:

#### Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Then, compile and run the starter:

```bash
npm run dev
```

And it will help you test out your changes.


## Citations

Created by William M. Riley:
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/splitinfinities)
* [Github](https://github.com/splitinfinities)


## Related

* [Stencil Documentation](https://stenciljs.com/)
* [Stencil Worldwide Slack](https://stencil-worldwide.slack.com)
* [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com/)
* [Ionic Worldwide Slack](http://ionicworldwide.herokuapp.com/)
* [Ionicons](http://ionicons.com/)


## License
* MIT
